Diary
Simon Hua (z5116534)

Week 1
Group formed. Joined Github classroom and Jira groups. Collaborated with the rest of the group to write up a draft for the user stories. Created the git repo and uploaded a very basic frontend (incl. VSCode, npm, Typescript, and Webpack configurations) as well as a basic Django REST backend.

Week 2
Worked on Technical Specifications in the Project Proposal with John. Got a basic frontend working with Monica. Expanded and clarified documentation. Added linting configurations.

Week 3
Finished Proposal. Worked with Monica on getting signin/signup working. Fully implemented with hashing/salting, token auth, etc. Worked with Stephanie to get the frontend communicating with the api correctly. Created API specification documentation.

Week 4
Made a few consistency changes to the api and added some extra common functions/decorators to the project (e.g. for checking user authentication). Worked on some collection endpoints with Jia Yi. Did all the User endpoints (getting library, getting collections, etc.). Worked with John to finish the Book endpoints. Everything all done in time for the demo.

Week 5
GPU died for my PC :(. Helped Monica out with a weird React form issue where the POST request was appearing in the URL.

Week 6
Quiet flex week catching up on other courses. Bug fixes + small requested changes from frontend guys. Improved changelog as per reflection.

Week 7
Worked on book data scraping from external apis. Currently obtaining data from Google books api and populating our db only when explicitly requested.

Week 8
Worked with Stephanie to make a few requested changes like additional fields for book data, changing cover from base64 encoded image to url, etc. Added a few additional requested features like returning all collections with a tag, etc.

Week 9
Added a few more requested features from frontend. Prepped + deployed vms for the project. Set up deployment pipeline, web servers, hosts, https, etc. Modified book adding pipeline for additional book data and functionality.

Week 10
Prep for final presentation and report. Made requested changes to backend, especially to the external api book lookup which was being problematic. Identified and fixed a few small bugs. Worked on final report. Should be all prepared for presentation.
